https://codepen.io/Dudeicle/pen/OJyzBVj?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
            HTML that gives meaning to content. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
            It's used for the structure of our website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
            An attribute effects code, we put an attribute inside of an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            The h1 tag is used as the title or most important header.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            The a tag and the img tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
            The head of the HTML doc can have h1 or <html> or <body>. 
    7. What is an id? 
            An id is a way of specifying a tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
            Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
            Only once. 
    10. What is a class? 
            Another device for specifiying.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
            Any element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            Target='blank'.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            An alternate image to be shown in the case of slow internet or error.
    15. How do I reference an id?
            # hashtag.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            Divs will hold the content within a section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            Styling a website, adding to HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2 {} would select all h2 on the page.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            An id is like a name, to give something a unique identity. While class is like a group identity.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            A period . will select a class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p {} this will select that p element.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            Parent-child refers to elements insie of other elements. A selector for this would be more specfic.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a {} this would specify .sidebar and then the links within.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            A selector for elements in a specific state, like a :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height will change spacing.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing will change spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: will change text to one of those items or others like none.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            * star or universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            // double slash will allow commenting without effecting code //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd will show the file path.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls will show this list
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm will remove a file, there are NO safe gaurds when doing this, no warnings or file recovery.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            So that many coders can cooperate on a project and contribute without breaking each other's code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            20min or after a significant functioning segment is finished
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            After saving a project in VS Code, I would then go to my Git Bash and use git add -> git commit -> git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            An inline element will show contents horizontally, while a block will allow contents to sit on their own horizontal line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
